Then dare I ask what you mean?
Literally, Lord Mu
I advise you not to push your luck too far.
Why don't you dare?
If you need famous origin gas, gold and silver treasures
Just say it.
We can all be satisfied
But you made me kneel and break my arms
That's impossible
You guys just beat me down and insulted me
Help me with my nine feet
More decisive than now
Why did I let you cut off your arms?
This can't be done
Mu Guiying, I'm waiting to give you three points of face today.
They all look at Commander Nangong
And the face of the four generals
But you should also know
Be a person and stay on the line
See you later
If you do things too well today
I'm afraid it will end up being criticized by thousands of people
again
Is China
People can do this kind of thing
How dare you
Commander Nangong
You are a capable general under the female handsome
Over 10,000 people
I should naturally respect you
But he's here today doing these things.
I'm afraid the capital can't tolerate his boldness
Do you know who to talk to?
Commander Nangong
He is your guest
We should lower our profile
But the dignitaries present at the banquet
All represent the face of the building
You made me wait today.
Kneel down and apologize to this country man
It's humiliating the face of the building
Dare to ask female handsome of the same age
Know this